when we talk about ipad and beyond what
we're talking about is not only the
Apple iPad tablet but the broader tablet
market place what we're really talking
about is way this new form factor is
coming onto the market and how it
relates and how it fits with the desktop
computer and the notebook computers that
exist today media tablets are important
to business because they're important to
users just a short time ago people
thought that tablets were just another
type of device like a Windows type PC
device brought to a different form
factor but the iPad had changed all that
what it did was it introduced a new
design point for IT a new design point
for applications and it's opened up a
lot of new areas where computing was
just impractical before the tablet is an
interesting media consumption device
that's bringing computing into new areas
so rather than sitting at a desk top
people that are walking around or
interacting in various ways now have a
device that they can carry around with
them we're seeing it being used that way
in a number of settings for example
sales people carrying the tablet with
them into meetings with customers and
using that as an interactive device to
deliver presentations or show videos
about their products medical technicians
using the tablet form factor to carry
around and again talking with patients
showing a video about a procedure or
providing other information retail store
clerks again having a tablet type of
device out on the showroom floor to be
able to show information to customers
take custom orders so the tablet is
bringing computing to a new class of
user and in new areas don't think of the
tablet as a replacement for the notebook
think of it as a new form factor that
augments what you're doing with
smartphones with notebooks and with
desktop computers with that in mind you
need to think about the tablet as a new
design point for your applications so
you're going to design with new tools
will be a different set of
tools for building and delivering these
applications there'll be different user
interface models using touch and other
natural user interface elements that
need to be built into this so the new
design point around the tablets is going
to be important and in fact there are
different ways that you'll be delivering
applications down to the tablet using an
app store type of model for most
organizations media tablets are going to
be coming into the workplace where
whether you want them there or not so
your best position is to expect they're
going to be coming in to architect
solutions that will allow you to accept
them into the workplace deliver
applications out to them and they manage
them securely there are a number of
challenges that companies face when they
explore media tablets number one is you
know how can we secure the device how
can we manage the device that's probably
the biggest issue that people are
wrestling with right now these devices
typically our consumer devices targeting
the consumer they're not really
targeting business typically we think
that you will see new tools and new
management capabilities and new security
elements over time but currently the
security issues you know can be a
challenge when you're looking at media
tablets in the enterprise the first
thing you need to think about is a
different set of applications than what
you see on the consumer market yes
people are going to use consumer
productivity tools i'm going to use a
lot of the same tools that you find out
in the open marketplace but one thing
you need to think about here is what new
applications would this platform enable
and once you do that you'll realize that
you'll need a new set of tools a new set
of ways to manage them a new set of ways
to secure them
that are radically different from what
we saw in previous generations of
computing